WORD ANALYSIS REPORT
==================================================

SUMMARY STATISTICS:
--------------------
Total words in CSV: 1023
Unique words in CSV: 989
Duplicates in CSV: 34
Total words in Glossary: 1055
Unique words in Glossary: 1016
Duplicates in Glossary: 39
Unfound words: 0

DUPLICATES IN CSV FILE:
-------------------------
abolish: 2 occurrences
apt: 2 occurrences
avid: 2 occurrences
brazenly: 2 occurrences
cantankerous: 2 occurrences
cohesion: 2 occurrences
contingency: 2 occurrences
countenance: 2 occurrences
dissension: 2 occurrences
elaborate: 2 occurrences
epiphany: 2 occurrences
fawn: 2 occurrences
feign: 2 occurrences
foist: 2 occurrences
fruition: 2 occurrences
inadvertently: 2 occurrences
invariably: 2 occurrences
obstinate: 2 occurrences
pathological: 2 occurrences
pernicious: 2 occurrences
precarious: 2 occurrences
prerogative: 2 occurrences
quaint: 2 occurrences
remonstrate: 2 occurrences
requite: 2 occurrences
sentiment: 2 occurrences
spurious: 2 occurrences
tirade: 2 occurrences
vagaries: 2 occurrences
vantage: 2 occurrences
vie: 2 occurrences
visceral: 2 occurrences
volition: 2 occurrences
whim: 2 occurrences

Total duplicate entries in CSV: 34

DUPLICATES IN GLOSSARY FILE:
----------------------------
abolish: 2 occurrences
adversity: 2 occurrences
apt: 2 occurrences
avid: 2 occurrences
brazenly: 2 occurrences
cantankerous: 2 occurrences
cohesion: 2 occurrences
contingency: 2 occurrences
countenance: 2 occurrences
dissension: 2 occurrences
don: 2 occurrences
elaborate: 2 occurrences
epiphany: 2 occurrences
fawn: 2 occurrences
feign: 2 occurrences
foist: 2 occurrences
fruition: 2 occurrences
inadvertently: 2 occurrences
indispensable: 2 occurrences
invariably: 2 occurrences
lopsided: 2 occurrences
meander: 2 occurrences
obstinate: 2 occurrences
pathological: 2 occurrences
pernicious: 2 occurrences
precarious: 2 occurrences
prerogative: 2 occurrences
quaint: 2 occurrences
remonstrate: 2 occurrences
requite: 2 occurrences
sentiment: 2 occurrences
spurious: 2 occurrences
tirade: 2 occurrences
vagaries: 2 occurrences
vantage: 2 occurrences
vie: 2 occurrences
visceral: 2 occurrences
volition: 2 occurrences
whim: 2 occurrences

Total duplicate entries in Glossary: 39

âœ… All words from CSV were found in Glossary.md!
